README.md, before:

# 💻 SJ Wordpress Demo Project Theme (Mifin)

This is a bespoke demo project theme that showcases a smooth and intuitive UI/UX of a Wordpress checkout process with the ability to check user authentication.

## 🛠️ Tech and Tools Used
- **XAMPP** - Local Development Environment
- **WordPress** - Content Management System (CMS)
- **Woocommerce** - Wordpress Plugin used to create the Online Stores
- **Git** - distributed version control system for tracking changes in source code during software development
- **Github Desktop** - web-based Git repository hosting service
- **Git Extensions** - standalone UI tool for managing git repositories.
- **VS Code** - a free, cross-platform code editor.

## 📍Plugins Installed
* Theme Check
* Theme Inspector
* Debug Bar
* Query Monitor 
* Default Featured Image
* Regenerate Thumbnails
* Show Current Template
* Woocommerce (IMPORTANT)
* WordPress Importer

## 🎯 Features
- 📱 Smooth and intuitive UI/UX 
- 💻 Responsive design
- 🎨 Fully custom theme with user authentication during checkout

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Install Local Development Environment in your terminal/pc.

2. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/SharmJapay/Mifin-Demo-Project
```

3. Install this WordPress to your local development environment.

4. Install and activate plugins 

5. Import the database file “sample_data.sql” found in db/ folder to your newly installed Wordpress using importer.

Commit message:

Added Woocommerce plugin, fonts, xml

README.md, after:

# 💻 SJ Wordpress Demo Project Theme (Mifin)

This is a bespoke demo project theme that showcases a smooth and intuitive UI/UX of a Wordpress checkout process with the ability to check user authentication.

## 🛠️ Tech and Tools Used
- **XAMPP** - Local Development Environment
- **WordPress** - Content Management System (CMS)
- **Woocommerce** - Wordpress Plugin used to create the Online Stores
- **Git** - distributed version control system for tracking changes in source code during software development
- **Github Desktop** - web-based Git repository hosting service
- **Git Extensions** - standalone UI tool for managing git repositories.
- **VS Code** - a free, cross-platform code editor.

## 📍Plugins Installed
* Theme Check
* Theme Inspector
* Debug Bar
* Query Monitor 
* Default Featured Image
* Regenerate Thumbnails
* Show Current Template
* Woocommerce (IMPORTANT)
* WordPress Importer

## 🎯 Features
- 📱 Smooth and intuitive UI/UX 
- 💻 Responsive design
- 🎨 Fully custom theme with user authentication during checkout

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Install Local Development Environment in your terminal/pc.

2. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/SharmJapay/Mifin-Demo-Project
```

3. Install this WordPress to your local development environment.

4. Install and activate plugins (Woocommerce & WordPress Importer).

5. Import the xml file found in db/ folder to your newly installed Wordpress using plugin WordPress Importer.

6. Setup Woocommerce. Go to Settings -> Accounts & Privacy. Uncheck options Checkout -> "Enable guest checkout (recommended)" and Account Creation -> Allow customers to create an account "During checkout".

6. Test and check if the user authentication pop-up is working.
